---
title: Terms of Service
layout: default
permalink: /terms/
---
Terms of Service
-----------------------------

### 1. Terms

By accessing the website at
[https://masqueradejs.com](https://masqueradejs.com), you are agreeing
to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and
regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any
applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you
are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials
contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and
trademark law.

### 2. Use Licence

1.  Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the
    materials (information or software) on MasqueradeJS' website for
    personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant
    of a licence, not a transfer of title, and under this licence you
    may not:
    1.  modify or copy the materials;
    2.  use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public
        display (commercial or non-commercial);
    3.  attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained
        on MasqueradeJS' website;
    4.  remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the
        materials; or
    5.  transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the
        materials on any other server.

2.  This licence shall automatically terminate if you violate any of
    these restrictions and may be terminated by MasqueradeJS at any
    time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the
    termination of this licence, you must destroy any downloaded
    materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed
    format.

### 3. Disclaimer

1.  The materials on MasqueradeJS' website are provided on an 'as is'
    basis. MasqueradeJS makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and
    hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without
    limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
    fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of
    intellectual property or other violation of rights.
2.  Further, MasqueradeJS does not warrant or make any representations
    concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use
    of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such
    materials or on any sites linked to this site.

### 4. Limitations

In no event shall MasqueradeJS or its suppliers be liable for any
damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or
profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or
inability to use the materials on MasqueradeJS' website, even if
MasqueradeJS or a MasqueradeJS authorised representative has been
notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because
some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or
limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these
limitations may not apply to you.

### 5. Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on MasqueradeJS' website could include
technical, typographical, or photographic errors. MasqueradeJS does not
warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete
or current. MasqueradeJS may make changes to the materials contained on
its website at any time without notice. However MasqueradeJS does not
make any commitment to update the materials.

### 6. Links

MasqueradeJS has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and
is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The
inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by MasqueradeJS of the
site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

### 7. Modifications

MasqueradeJS may revise these terms of service for its website at any
time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound
by the then current version of these terms of service.

### 8. Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of Netherlands and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

[Terms of Use created with
GetTerms.](https://getterms.io "Generate a free terms of use document")
